


FAQ & How to contact us

1. Bandwidth Mbps and actual download Mb/s conversion?
What should be noted here is the writing unit of the transmission unit. The definition of the two is different. 
The subscription bandwidth of the user and the telecommunications is Mbit/second, and the statistical unit we see when downloading is Mb; 
The conversion relationship is: 1MB = 8Mbps; the contracted bandwidth is 10M, and the maximum downloadable file is 1.25MB per second.

2. What should I pay attention to when measuring speed?
Before measuring the speed, you should first solve the problem in the network environment speed measurement, 
such as closing some programs that will occupy bandwidth, not sharing bandwidth in the LAN, and testing with wired network cards. 
This can ensure the local speed measurement environment is clean and ensure the test speed is accurate; 
do not close the speed measurement client or browser midway, wait patiently for the test to be completed; 
to further improve the accuracy of the test results, it is recommended to test several times in different time periods.

3. Why are the test results different at different times?
Since the Internet is an open network, the network may be different due to the number of users in different time periods. 
The fluctuation of the network speed is normal. 
It is recommended that you test the network several times during the non-busy time period. 
Assess your network quality and the results will be more accurate.

4. The test results are up to standard, but still feel that the network speed is slow?
There are many factors that affect the quality of the network, including the line, the user's computer, 
the use environment and user maintenance, as well as what operating system the user installs, 
which applications are installed, and whether the user is using it correctly or not. 
It is recommended that you test more times during non-peak hours of the network, 
or select other speed measuring tools on the market for comparative testing to comprehensively assess your network quality. 
If all kinds of testing tools have no problem with your network speed, 
then you may want to consider replacing a higher bandwidth broadband product.

If you need more informations or have any more questions.
Please contact us by email: naoyuupc5@163.com
